then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
the children of Israel and say to them I
am the Lord your God according to the
doings of the land of Egypt where you
dwelt you shall not do
and according to the doings of the land
of Canaan where I am bringing you you
shall not do nor shall you walk in their
ordinances you shall observe my
judgments and keep my ordinances to walk
in them
I am the Lord your God you shall
therefore keep my statutes and my
judgments which if a man does he shall
live by them I am the Lord none of you
shall approach anyone who is near of kin
to him to uncover his nakedness
I am the nakedness of your father or the
nakedness of your mother you shall not
uncover she is your mother
you shall not uncover her nakedness the
nakedness of your father's wife you
shall not uncover it is your father's
nakedness the nakedness of your sister
the daughter of your father
all the daughter of your mother with a
born at home or elsewhere their
nakedness you shall not uncover the
nakedness of your son's daughter or your
daughter's daughter their nakedness you
shall not uncover for theirs is your own
nakedness
the nakedness of your father's wife's
daughter begotten by your father she is
your sister you shall not uncover her
nakedness
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
your father's sister she is near of
killing to your father
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
your mother's sister for she is near of
kin to your mother
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
your father's brother
you shall not approach his wife she is
your aunt
you shall not uncover the nakedness of
your daughter-in-law she is your son's
wife
you shall not uncover her nakedness you
shall not uncover the nakedness of your
brother's wife it is your brother's
nakedness
you shall not uncover the nakedness of a
woman and her daughter nor shall you
take her son's daughter or her
daughter's daughter to uncover her
nakedness they are near of killing to
her it is wickedness
nor shall you take a woman as a rival to
her sister to uncover her nakedness
while the other is alive
also you shall not approach a woman to
uncover her nakedness as long as she is
in her customary impurity moreover you
shall not lie Connelly with your
neighbor's wife to defile yourself with
her and you shall not let any of your
descendants pass through the fire to
Molech nor shall you profane the name of
your God I am the Lord you shall not lie
with a male as with a woman it is an
abomination nor shall you mate with any
animal to defile yourself with it nor
shall any woman stand before an animal
to mate with it
it is perversion do not defile
yourselves with any of these things for
by all these the nations are defiled
which I am casting out before you for
the land is defiled therefore I visit
the punishment of its iniquity upon it
and the land vomits out its inhabitants
you shall therefore keep my statutes and
my judgments and shall not commit any of
these abominations either any of your
own nation or any stranger who dwells
among you for all these abominations the
men of the land have done who were
before you
and thus the land is defiled lest the
land vomit you out also when you defile
it as it vomited out the nation's that
were before you for whoever commits any
of these abominations the persons who
commit them shall be cut off from among
their people
therefore you shall keep my ordinance so
that you do not commit any of these
abominable customs which were committed
before you and that you do not defile
yourselves by them I am the Lord your
God